♪ Po-pi-po-pi-po-po-pi-po ♪
♪ Po-piii! ♪
♪ Come on, come on! ♪
(soiya soiya)
♪ Dance, dance! ♪
(dossee dossee)
♪ Come on, come on! ♪
(soiya soiya)
♪ Dance, dance! ♪
(dossee dossee)
♪ Now, drink it! You like it, don't you? Vegetable juice ♪
(saa nome omae suki daro? Yasai juusu)
♪ I've decided, I've decided just now ♪
(watashi ga kimeta ima kimeta)
♪ So drink it! My vegetable juice ♪
(dakara nonde watashi no yasai juusu)
♪ It costs 200 yeeen! ♪
(kakaku wa nihyaku eeen)
♪ Come on, come on! ♪
(soiya soiya)
♪ Dance, dance! ♪
(dossee dossee)
♪ Come on, come on! ♪
(soiya soiya)
♪ Dance, dance! ♪
(dossee dossee)
♪ Mild-tasting vegetable juice ♪
(maroyaka yasai juusu)
♪ Creamy, creamy vegetable juice ♪
(fuwa fuwa yasai juusu)
♪ The one that's best for you is the green juice ♪
(ichiban osusume na no wa midori no juusu)
♪ Po-pi-po-pi-po-po-pi-po ♪
♪ A vegetable-y-y-y ♪
(bejitaburu na-a-a)
♪ Po-pi-po-pi-po-po-pi-po ♪
♪ Overflowing with nutrients-ents-ents ♪
(seimei afureta-a-a)
♪ Po-pi-po-pi-po-po-pi-po ♪
♪ You too, now-ow-ow ♪
(anata no ima-a-a)
♪ Po-pi-po-pi-po-po-pi-po ♪
♪ Will come to love vegetable juice ♪
(yasai juusu ga suki ni naru)
♪ Po-piiii! ♪
*♪ Come on, come on! ♪*
♪ Dance, dance! ♪
(dossee dossee)
♪ Come on, come on! ♪
(soiya, soiya)
♪ Dance, dance! ♪
(dossee dossee)
♪ Hoi! ♪
♪ Come on, come on! ♪
(soiya, soiya)
♪ Dance, dance! ♪
(dossee dossee)
Original song produced by Lamaze-P feat. Hatsune Miku
Translated by Vortex